openfeat: add Elasticsearch troubleshoting (#2004)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/infrastructure/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-setup.md

Normally, you can index by executing the command `bin/console es:index`.

::: info

> Elasticsearch common error handling and tips can refer to [elasticsearch troubleshooting](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/resources/guidelines/troubleshooting/elasticsearch.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional support with common Elasticsearch errors and more tips please refer to [elasticsearch troubleshooting](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/resources/guidelines/troubleshooting/elasticsearch.html).
```
